---
title: Version 0.14
---

:::important
**Trains** is now **ClearML**.
:::


## Version 0.14.3

### Trains

**Features**
    
* Add the `Logger.report_histogram` method `mode` parameter.
 The values are `group` (the default), `stack`, and `relative`.
* Add [PEP610](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0610/) support for the new `pip` version 20.1 and newer Git reference 
  feature (see [pypa/pip#609](https://github.com/pypa/pip/issues/609)) ([GitHub Issue #62](https://github.com/allegroai/trains/issues/62)).
* Improve support for PyTorch Ignite integration.
* Support `#` and `?` in uploaded image file names.

**Bug Fixes**

* Support `ArgumentParser.parse_arg` use before initializing a Task when `auto_connect_arg_parser=False`.
* Fix `upload_object_via_stream` in the Azure storage driver.
* Fix the `Task.get_tasks` method return type.

## Version 0.14.2

### Trains

**Features**
* Add media (audio) support for both `Logger` and TensorBoard binding using `Logger.report_media` ([GitHub Issue #120](https://github.com/allegroai/trains/issues/120)).
* Add [autokeras example](https://github.com/allegroai/trains/blob/master/examples/frameworks/autokeras/autokeras_imdb_example.py) ([GitHub Issue #125](https://github.com/allegroai/trains/issues/125)).
* Add caching of extracted zip artifacts.
* Add `Task.get_tasks` filtering support.
* Add `trains.storage.StorageManager`.
* Add nicer stdout log flush.
* Add text logging to TF V1 example.
* Improve SSL retries and error handling.
* Improve shutdown behavior in case of a user abort (Ctrl-C).
* Improve repository and module detection:
    * Improve resource monitor.
    * Report memory usage for process (and sub-processes).
    * Report GPU memory usage for process (and sub-processes).
    * Stability
* Improve Jupyter support:
    * Make sure `trains` is included in Jupyter requirements.
    * Ignore IPython directives in converted Python script (like `%` and `!` lines).
* Update PyTorch / TensorboardX examples.

**Bug Fixes**

* Fix renaming / deleting model file right after saving will break asynchronous upload ([GitHub Issue #123](https://github.com/allegroai/trains/issues/123)).
* Fix shutdown behavior:
    
    * Logger flush delay and termination.
    * Repository / package detection termination.
    * Threads termination.
    
* Fix text encoding `utf-8` and `pr_curve` broken in Tensorboard support.
* Fix single log request exceeds max packet size.
* Fix upload debug assets with series / title including `,` or `/` did not add iteration index to the filename.
* Fix `scikit-learn` module detection.
* Use UID in message if username cannot be retrieved.
* Fix cast in Tensorflow v2 example.

### Trains Server

**User survey**

* Add survey invitation popup.

**Bug fixes**

* Fix misaligned titles in experiment results, scalars, and plots (**RESULTS** tab, **SCALARS** and **PLOTS** sub-tabs).
* Fix parallel coordinate comparison in comparing experiments. Adding dimension with no values removes all lines.
* Fix resizing the experiments tables window. The preferences wheel jumped over the titles.
* Fix the browser zoom (**CTRL +**, **CTRL -**, and mouse wheel) in experiment **RESULTS** **>** **SCALARS** tab. It broke labels  ([GitHub Issue #127](https://github.com/allegroai/trains/issues/127)).

## Version 0.14.1

### Trains

**Features and Bug Fixes**

* Add OpenMPI / Slurm support, support `TRAINS_FORCE_MASTER_NODE` environment variable to allow forcefully specifying a node is master (not based on the MPI Rank).
* Add `Task.get_models` and `Task.models` for retrieving stored models for previously executed tasks
* Support multiple EventWriter in TensorFlow eager mode (TF 2.0+) ([GitHub Issue #26](https://github.com/allegroai/trains/issues/26)).
* Support reusing models.
* Fix TensorFlow not a number (`NaN`) and infinity (`Inf`)
values support ([GitHub Issue #118](https://github.com/allegroai/trains/issues/118)).
* Fix joblib binding.
* Fix metrics / files / models upload on shutdown.
* Fix support for Task init / close multiple times.
* Update `manual_reporting.py` example with `Logger.report_table` example.
* Deprecate `Task.set_model_config`, `Task.get_model_config_text`, and `Task.get_model_config_dict`.

### Trains Server

**Features and Bug Fixes**

* Support default **Trains Server** Kubernetes Helm ports in the **Trains Web-App (UI)**.
* Fix issue switching scalar plots between linear and logarithmic views ([GitHub Issue #75](https://github.com/allegroai/trains/issues/75)).
* Do not reset view filtering when switching tabs in experiment view.

### Trains Agent

**Features and Bug Fixes**

* Add `daemon` detached mode (`--detached`, `-d`) that runs the agent as daemon in the background and returns immediately.
* Auto mount `~/.git-credentials` into a Docker container, if the file exists.
* Add `TRAINS_AGENT_EXTRA_PYTHON_PATH` environment variable to allow the adding of an additional Python path during experiment execution (helpful when using extra un-tracked modules).
* Fix "run as user" feature (using `TRAINS_AGENT_EXEC_USER` environment variable).
* Fix PyTorch support to ignore minor versions when looking for package to install / download.
* Fix experiment execution output handling.

## Version 0.14.0

### Trains

**Features and Bug Fixes**

* Add support for reporting tables (pandas.DataFrame, CSV files, URL to CSV file) using the `Logger.report_table` method.
* Add support for setting a Task's initial iteration to allow continuing previous runs using the `Task.set_initial_iteration` and `Task.get_initial_iteration` methods.
* Add multiprocess task support ([GitHub Issue #96](https://github.com/allegroai/trains/issues/96)).
* Add `trains-init` support for config file override using the `TRAINS_CONFIG_FILE` environment variable or `--file` command line argument  ([GitHub Issue #105](https://github.com/allegroai/trains/issues/105)).     
* Add initial slurm support.
* Allow disabling repository detection when calling `Task.init`.
* Add Jupyter Notebook server execution example.
* Update examples.
* Improve warning messages for storage errors and missing storage packages.
* Fix HTTP link quoting in stored links.

### Trains Server

**Features and Bug Fixes**

* Add debug image viewing for an unlimited number of iterations, filtering by metric, and comparing debug images for different iterations.
* Add debug image view zoom, fit to screen, resize, hover coordinates ([GitHub Issue #68](https://github.com/allegroai/trains/issues/68)). 
* Add switching scalar plots between linear and logarithmic views  ([GitHub Issue #75](https://github.com/allegroai/trains/issues/75)).
* Add scalar minimums and maximums to comparing experiments.
* Add opening HTML artifact files in the browser.
* Add Web-App notification for version updates.
* Add toggle button to switch between full screen and standard views in the **RESULTS** tab.
* Add a load more button to the global search results.
* Add automatic detection of debug video type from the file extension.
* Add `Task.get_parameters_as_dict` and `Task.set_parameters_as_dict`.
* Allow editing model description.
* Allow editing experiment uncommitted changes and installed packages separately.
* Allow deleting an input model from an experiment whose status is *Draft*.
* Fix dialog elements which are now accessible in non-100% screen scale. ([GitHub Issue #89](https://github.com/allegroai/trains/issues/89)).
* Fix custom columns in the experiments table not properly loaded from browser store  ([GitHub Issue #106](https://github.com/allegroai/trains/issues/106)).
* Fix issue with showing 2D graphs containing sub-plots ([trains #slack](https://github.com/allegroai/trains/issues/106))
* Fix issues with vertical scrolling of experiment logs.
* Fix issue with image plots sometimes not visible in experiments comparison.

### Trains Agent

**Features and Bug Fixes**
* Add support for `trains-agent execute --id <experiment-id> --docker` that allows executing a specific experiment inside a docker container.
* Add support for `trains-agent execute --id <template-experiment-id> --clone` that clones the provided experiment and executes the cloned experiment.
* Add support for `APIClient.models.delete` to allow programmatically deleting a model ([GitHub trains-server Issue #32](https://github.com/allegroai/trains-server/issues/32)).
* Add daemon support for passing storage-related OS environment variables to experiments executed inside a Docker container (supported by trains>=0.13.3):
    * AWS: `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` and `AWS_DEFAULT_REGION`
    * Azure: `AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT` and `AZURE_STORAGE_KEY`
    * Google: `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS`
* Fix Git checkout with submodules ([GitHub Issue #112](https://github.com/allegroai/trains/issues/112)).
* Docker image in command line takes precedence over the Docker image specified in an experiment.