---
title: Version 0.15
---

:::important 
**Trains** is now **ClearML**.
:::

### Trains Agent 0.15.1

**Features**

* Add Trains Agent Daemon and Services docker files.

**Bug Fixes**

* Fix initialization wizard (allow at most two verification retries, then print error).
* Add warning on `--gpus` with no detected CUDA version ([GitHub trains-agent Issue 24](https://github.com/allegroai/trains-agent/issues/24)).
* Add `agent.force_git_ssh_protocol` configuration option to force all Git links to `ssh://` ([GitHub trains-agent Issue 16](https://github.com/allegroai/trains-agent/issues/16)).
* Add Git user / pass permission into pip package installation from Git repository  ([GitHub trains-agent Issue 22](https://github.com/allegroai/trains-agent/issues/22)).

### Trains Agent 0.15.0

**Features**

* Add daemon Services Mode (`daemon --services-mode`), where the daemon spins a task in its own Docker container, and verifies start-up and shut-down. This allows multiple tasks to be launched simultaneously on the same machine (currently in CPU mode only), where each task service will register itself as a worker for the lifetime of the task.
* Enhance `build --docker` mode:
    * Add `--install-globally` option to install required packages in the Docker's system Python.
    * Add `--entry-point option` to allow automatic task cloning when running the Docker container.
* Support PyTorch Nightly builds using the `agent.torch_nightly` configuration flag. If true, the agent looks for a nightly build when a stable torch wheel is not found.
* Add environment variables support for git user / password:
    * Using `TRAINS_AGENT_GIT_USER` / `TRAINS_AGENT_GIT_PASS`.
    * Pass git credentials to dockerized experiment execution.
* Support running code from module (i.e. -m in execution entry point).
* Add `daemon --create-queue` to automatically create a queue and use it, if the queue name doesn't exist in the server.
* Move `--gpus` and `--cpu-only` to worker args (used by `daemon`, `execute` and `build`).

**Bug Fixes**

* Fix init wizard, correctly display the input servers ([GitHub Issue #19](https://github.com/allegroai/trains-agent/issues/19)).
* Improve docker host-mount support, use `TRAINS_AGENT_DOCKER_HOST_MOUNT` environment variable.
* Support pip v20.1 local/http package reference in pip freeze.
* Fix detached mode to correctly use cache folder slots.
* Fix `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` should never be set to "all".
* Do not monitor GPU when running with `--cpu-only`