---
title: Version 0.14
---

:::important
**Trains** is now **ClearML**.
:::


### Trains Agent 0.14.1

**Features and Bug Fixes**

* Add `daemon` detached mode (`--detached`, `-d`) that runs the agent as daemon in the background and returns immediately.
* Auto mount `~/.git-credentials` into a Docker container, if the file exists.
* Add `TRAINS_AGENT_EXTRA_PYTHON_PATH` environment variable to allow the adding of an additional Python path during experiment execution (helpful when using extra un-tracked modules).
* Fix "run as user" feature (using `TRAINS_AGENT_EXEC_USER` environment variable).
* Fix PyTorch support to ignore minor versions when looking for package to install / download.
* Fix experiment execution output handling.

### Trains Agent 0.14.0

**Features and Bug Fixes**
* Add support for `trains-agent execute --id <experiment-id> --docker` that allows executing a specific experiment inside a docker container.
* Add support for `trains-agent execute --id <template-experiment-id> --clone` that clones the provided experiment and executes the cloned experiment.
* Add support for `APIClient.models.delete` to allow programmatically deleting a model ([GitHub trains-server Issue #32](https://github.com/allegroai/trains-server/issues/32)).
* Add daemon support for passing storage-related OS environment variables to experiments executed inside a Docker container (supported by trains>=0.13.3):
    * AWS: `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` and `AWS_DEFAULT_REGION`
    * Azure: `AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT` and `AZURE_STORAGE_KEY`
    * Google: `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS`
* Fix Git checkout with submodules ([GitHub Issue #112](https://github.com/allegroai/trains/issues/112)).
* Docker image in command line takes precedence over the Docker image specified in an experiment.